c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console.exe.config
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console.exe
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console.pdb
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\MiniProfiler.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\MiniProfiler.Windows.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\MiniProfiler.pdb
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\MiniProfiler.xml
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\obj\Debug\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\obj\Debug\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console.exe
c:\users\kodi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kodi.Linq.Extensions\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console\obj\Debug\Kodi.Linq.Extensions.Console.pdb
